Md/vk (#63)
HorizenLabs/zkVerify: e2e-tests/README.md

All tests are executed by running actual `zkVerify` nodes, so an instance of the `nh-node` executable must be present on the target system. This can be obtained by compiling this repository, as the test runner script looks for the compiled binary in the `target/debug/` or `target/release/` directories. Optionally, it is possible to download the pre-compiled binary from our official `zkVerify` repository, and copy that in the `e2e-tests/bin` directory.

The test runner script also automatically downloads the `zombienet` executable from the official GitHub repo: <https://github.com/paritytech/zombienet/releases> and places that in the `e2e-tests/bin` as well.

Finally, for local execution, the following packages must be present in the system:

- node
- npm
- yarn

### Execute the test suite entirely

Run from within the `e2e-tests` directory:

- `yarn install`
- `yarn test`

The last command invokes the script `test_runner.sh`. If you want to use the binary compiled in

> debug flavor you can use `--debug` switch. Follow line execute all tests running the node binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
debug flavor you can use `--debug` switch. The following line executes all the tests running the node binary
```

from `target/debug` folder.

```sh
yarn test --debug
```

### Execute a single test

> You can run a list of tests simply by indicate the names while running tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a list of tests by simply specifying the names while running the tests:
```
